now also mentioned to that a fellow that
has been touchably for an awful long
time his brother wasn't a CIA
there is no CIA you will never talk
about the CIA to him he will never give
up anything away whatsoever
he said one bit of advice he said never
watched the television never watch the
television it's the greatest scientific
indoctrination tool ever devised haven't
you figured that out it's changed the
whole culture of nations not just one
nation why do you think it was mandatory
that everybody in Britain give access to
have televisions by the government why
do you think China is under the same
program to everyone to the TV right now
because he loved to have you entertained
do you really think that an ende is on
the same route as well right now to most
of your ideas in your opinions and how
you emulate because you emulate things
you mimic what you see as Charles Gorton
Darwin and others have said in the past
it becomes you you become it and that's
what's happened has been very very very
successful never watch the television
you can't watch a movie unless you do it
critically if you watch it critically
not there to enjoy it remember this
Asian emotions they get you on and
center of what woven all these emotional
themes all through movies you're played
like a harp and they embed ideas in yin
to you along with the movies and predict
a program to so you'll accept that which
is still to come and you'll and you'll
behave the same way as the characters in
the movie when it comes
oh well what can you do all this watch
much music your television yeah
you're given a mind of your own and you
got to use it for yourself and believe
me if you ever had a nation or wanted a
nation you'd have to make sure that
everyone took their turn everyone took
their turn
just like jury duty to go in and oversee
the guys they're supposed to be taking
care of everything
on your behalf as a tight Club right now
split that forever because they never
intended to give you anything called
democracy or in fact a republic gangs
and fraternities run the systems of the
countries that's how they're run another
taxation taxation and is to exert and
it's true with Lenin said that that part
of it
attack all all wealth comes from labor
and tax is another term for labor when
they take your labor from you and give
you nothing back for it that's called
stealing and slavery slavery folks but
no teacher told you that did they look
at the dictionaries you can find an old
enough one as you keep changing them to
from Hamish Marcel from Ontario Canada
as good night similar God or your gods
go with you